Niu igors fixes (#15)
UCL/org-metrics-dashboard: app/docs/definitions.md

## Welcome to the Open-Source Metrics Documentation

> #### How to Read SWC/GCNU Neuroinformatics Unit Open Source Dashboard Open-Source Dashboard

Author: ```suggestion
#### How to Read the UCL Open Source Dashboard
```
